DOC-8925: Organize billing based on folders (#18194)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/billing-management.md

## View invoices

> You can view all of your organization's past invoices on the **Invoices** tab of the **Billing** page. Download any invoice to see the details of your charges for a billing period. 

Reviewer: @Amruta-Ranade one call out here - users can't actually "download" invoices. I realize this was probably already written like this but worth correcting. They can see the full invoice in the UI but they can't actually download it.

Author: Fixed!

> If you're using [folders]({% link cockroachcloud/folders.md %}) to organize your clusters, billing is grouped by folder. Click any folder to view invoices for individual clusters within it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using [folders]({% link cockroachcloud/folders.md %}) to organize your clusters, billing is grouped by folder. Click any folder to view invoices for individual clusters in the folder or its descendants. Within a folder, click any subfolder to view its details.
```
Is this accurate? I think it's key that the costs roll up the hierarchy to the organization root. WDYT @jramos-crl

Reviewer: That's accurate and yes makes it a bit clearer that it rolls up the hierarchy.
